[Load Balancing] CNAME set up not supported note (#8522)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/load-balancing/how-to/create-load-balancer.md

For more details about load balancers, refer to [Load balancers](/load-balancing/understand-basics/load-balancers/).

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> This set up is only applicable if the target zone is on a full DNS set up. It is not supported if the target zone is on a `CNAME` set up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Load balancing is only applicable if the target zone is on a full DNS setup. It is not supported if the target zone is on a `CNAME` setup.
```
